Add managing refs section (#168)
studiometa/js-toolkit: packages/docs/guide/introduction/managing-refs.md

## What are refs?

> A ref is a *reference* to a DOM element. It allow us to quickly access HTML elements. We can define single or multiple refs that we can easily use in our component without manually querying DOM elements.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Avoid using "we", "us", "i" in the documentation as they are quite unsuitable in formal writing

**reword exemple**:
A ref is a *reference* to a DOM element. It allows to quickly access HTML elements. Define single or multiple refs to easily use them in a component without manually querying DOM elements.

> No more `querySelector` and `querySelectorAll`!

## Defining refs

> The [`refs` property](/api/configuration.html#config-refs) of the static `config` object should be used to define what refs will be used in the component otherwise it can't be accessed. This property requires an array of string that correspond to the refs names in the HTML code.

Reviewer 2: **detail:** Change `will be used` with `will be available` 
**detail:** Remove unnecessary precision

```suggestion
The [`refs` property](/api/configuration.html#config-refs) of the static `config` object should be used to define what refs will be available in the component. This property requires an array of string that correspond to the refs names in the HTML code.
```

We have 2 type of refs:
- Single ref (example: `btn`)
- Multiple refs (example: `items[]`)

If you want to get an array of refs you can append `[]` to the ref name.

```js {4}
class Component extends Base {
  static config = {
    name: 'Component',
    refs: ['btn', 'items[]'] // Declare the refs we will use

>     // `btn` is a single ref.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: provide the return type instead of phrasing ?

Reviewer 2: I think that the comments here can be misleading, we could improve it by displaying each ref on a single line:

```js
    refs: [
      'btn', // single ref
      'items[]', // multiple ref with the `[]` suffix
    ],
```

Author: Should I also include the return type @titouanmathis ?

Reviewer 2: I think this can be misleading here with an overload of information (maybe?) and we have the refs type described in the following examples, so I would advise not to include it.

    // `items[]` contains multiple refs and is always an array.
  };
}

> ```

Reviewer: **issue** There is no mention on the link between JS and HTML refs, should the exemple contain both HTML and JS code ? 
Maybe also add that if a ref is not define in the config it won't be available

### Single refs

> First we need to declare the refs we want to use in our component, here we want to use a `btn`.

Reviewer: **personnal opinion**: The sections `single refs` and `multiple refs` seems repetitive since it's already explain above in `Defining refs`. Should defining refs be about where to register the refs in JS and in HTML ?

```js {6,10}
import { Base } from '@studiometa/js-toolkit';

class Component extends Base {
  static config = {
    name: 'Component',
    refs: ['btn'] // Declare the ref
  };
}
```

### Multiple refs

If we want to iterate on a ref we can append `[]` after the ref name. For example here `data-ref="items[]"` will yield an array of HTML elements.

> Appending `[]` to a ref name will force the ref to an array even if there is only one occurence.

```js {4,8}
class Component extends Base {
  static config = {
    name: 'Component',
    refs: ['items[]'],
  };

  mounted() {
    this.$refs.items; // [<li data-ref="items[]">#1</li>, ...]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** add a small section about the preferred naming convention for multiple refs

- camelCase
- plural

## Using refs

Now that we defined the refs we want to use we can add them to our HTML code:

```html {2,5-7}
<div data-component="Component">
  <button data-ref="btn">Click me</button>

  <ul>
    <li data-ref="items[]">#1</li>
    <li data-ref="items[]">#2</li>
    <li data-ref="items[]">#3</li>
  </ul>
</div>
```

They can be accessed directly in your instance with `this.$refs.<name>`

```js {8-9}
class Component extends Base {
  static config = {
    name: 'Component',
    refs: ['btn', 'items[]'],
  };

  mounted() {
    this.$refs.btn; // <button data-ref="btn">Click me</button>

>     this.$refs.items; // [<li data-ref="items[]">#1</li>, ...]

Reviewer: **question**: Isn't this is returning the Component instance and not the HTML element (which is in `this.$refs.btn.$el`) ?

Reviewer 2: The v2 no longer resolves component instances when a ref is also a component.

```html
<div data-component="Parent">
  <div data-ref="item" data-component="Child"></div>
</div>
```
```js
class Parent extends Base {
  static config = {
    name: 'Parent',
    refs: ['item'],
    components: { Child },
  };

  mounted() {
    console.log(this.$refs); // v1 → { item: Child }
    console.log(this.$refs); // v2 → { item: <div data-ref="item" data-component="Child"></div> }
  }
}
```

This was changed in order for refs to be more predictable about what they are. The `$children` property must be used to access child components' instances.

Reviewer: i confused myself, this is talking about refs and not components, of course it return HTLMElement 🤪
